
//Imaging analyzer
CAST Imaging is unlike any other code analyzer:
it’s like an examining your custom software applications,
enabling you to visualize and understand their inner workings.
You can use CAST Imaging to discover and document the makeup of an application,
to assess the impact of changes you plan to make, or to identify opportunities
to improve your application’s performance, reliability, or security.

CAST Imaging runs a deep, semantic and contextual analysis of all artifacts
comprising an application,identifies all its code elements and data structures,
and maps out all their dependencies. CAST Imaging supports over 150 technologies,
including Java/JEE, .NET, C#, Web, Mainframe, Web, SQL, NoSQL,

Why wails ?
Lightweight alternative of electron,earlier we were using electron but the things is
with electron the final executable is very heavy but with wails is very small in size.
and some other performance and efficiiency issues.

why golang ?
Go is compiled directly to machine code, efficient
memory management other reason is cross platform
single binary execution no need for JVM or runtime dependency

It's a desktop application - 
The CAST Imaging Analyzer is designed to provide deep insights 
into your application technologies and composition with ease.
so its very simple process
1st step is to onboard your application you ca select folder that contains
all your source code, database structure or libraries.
2nd step after running the profiling analysis
you discover and get an overview of your architecture obtain
essential information for deep analysis.
3rd step is deep analysis phase
seamlessly discover the inner working of your application
and easily analyze internal structure

//usecase
CAST Imaging is used by enterprises for deep code analysis to visualize 
application architecture, assess change impact, and improve performance, 
reliability, and security, with adoption across industries like finance, 
healthcare, and government.


Brief-
You can download the application from saas platform
and there you will find a analyzer download page and you can download it form here
There is a landing page and there is a place where you can authenticate yourself
for authentication we are using keycloak open-source theme.
then the main UI is divided into 2 parts the side stepper and the main body which is dynamic
the side stepper shows you the real time progress of application.
and we are doing routing based rendering and showing the steps.
now you can onboard your application with this button and you can select any application
and then we have a sorce code panel and twe designed this panlem with very precision
so here basically you can exlcude or include files/directory of your choice.
so its divieded into three parts you can perform inclusion/exclusion at directory level
in first column and at file level in second column in third column basically
you can filter out the file based on language/extensions and then we also have a block where
we are listing the excluded files.
now we can continue with fast scan
so there is a job page where you will see the job progess
and there are 2 steps
1. content discovery where it discovers the content deeply and determinator service
checks the language is supported or not. and last it will generate the results.
and this page is very dynamic and shared between both fast scan and deep analysis
after fast scan job page you will be redircted to this page which is
fast scan results page and here you'll see a lot of data.
and then there is deep analysis phase you will run the analysis and then after this
job page you'll be redirected to deep analysis results.
