Career history - 

So currently I am working in Zomato as Frontend developer and it's been 3 months
I am basically part of nugget team that takes care of or handles the customer support of zomato and blinkit.
earlier it was yes one support but since the product has lot of potential so now it's available for other 
clients as well and we are providing this serivce to other businesses as well in subscription basis. so here I am
working on new projects and client requirements. So here I built few things lifeline support is one the
project,so it's a dashboard support that I built for one of our client so we provide out agent with all
customer information contexually in real time, so basically here we are saving a lot of manual lookup time
and efforts. as conversation progress between agents and customer the dashboard dynamically adapt UI components. 
so all this for faster decision making here we reduced overall ticket resolution time significantly by enhancing 
information accessibility and minimizing back-and-forth queries. and before zomato I have also worked 
at CAST, Bengaluru as frontend developer that was the first time when I worked exclusively
on frontend and yeah I was specifically hired to build a desktop application UI from the very scratch.
So that desktop application I built using react js and for OS executable we'have used wails framework.
So yes i was kind of founding UI developer of that application and apart from this I have also revamped 
there SaaS application UI. I worked there for almost 1 year 11 months. and before all this I also did 
some internships one in contlo as backend intern for 3 months and one in geeksforgeeks as MTS intern 
for 7 months there I worked under core DSA team and that was probably my best experience. So all these 
internships i completed in college time.

challenging task ?

Challenge: One of the biggest challenges I faced was adapting to 
an international team. Working across different time zones, 
coordinating with diverse stakeholders, and aligning with global 
workflows required a shift in how I approached communication and collaboration.
Strategy: To ensure efficiency, I structured my work with clear documentation,
proactive communication, and async updates. I optimized my routine by 
aligning overlapping working hours for key discussions, leveraging 
detailed progress tracking to keep everyone informed, and making the 
most of async tools for collaboration. Over time, this helped me seamlessly 
integrate into the team, improving my productivity and contribution to the project.

Challenge : Enhancing long-term memory capabilities in AI models
was a significant challenge, as the system often struggled 
with response relevance and accuracy.
Strategy: I tackled this by integrating vector storage databases 
and optimizing retrieval mechanisms. Instead of relying on static 
memory, I designed a more dynamic approach that improved response 
relevance by 65%, ensuring better AI-driven interactions.

"At each step, I focused on breaking down problems into smaller components,
collaborating where necessary, and iterating towards an optimal solution.
These experiences have strengthened my ability to approach complex challenges strategically."

Why change ?
 

why linkedIn ?
So the reason is largely personal, I have used linkedin
alot and one more quite interesting thing linkedin played a very significant role
in my Career I created a very good network I would say and becasue of this platform
I reached out to the people and cracked many internships and one more thing
linkedin is only social/proffesional platform where i am available.
I do not have any instagram, facebook or snapchat.
I see LinkedIn as an ideal place where I can contribute to impactful
solutions that help millions of users connect, learn, and grow.

Next 5 years ?
I totally see myself advancing into a senior or leadership role
in the same company, where i can contribute not just as a developerbut also
as a mentor to my juniors and a decesion maker.

strength-
1. quick learning ability - i am very diverse when it comes to new
techno and learning new techno.
2. time management - I manage my time very efficiently this skill i
earned while working with internal teams.
3. communication and collaboration - I am also good at collaboration woking with multiple teams

weekness-
1. some times I take on too many tasks myself rather than delegating it to others
2.  Sometimes, I spend too much time refining details, which can slow down progress.